Key points for exam = 
SI = Ensemble organisé et dynamique de ressources (personnels, logiciels, données, matériels ...) permettant : d'acquérir, de traiter, de stocker, de communiquer des informations dans et entre les organisations, afin de fournir des services informationnels aux différentes parties prenantes. 
Le SI est au service de l'organisation et de ses métiers.
L'informatique est un moyen privilégies d'instrumentation du système d'information.

Data Science is the art of turning data into actionable information.
Business DT is the art of turning data through actionalble information into valuable actions. 
DataScience = Computer science + Mathematics + business & domain knowledge.
DATA SCIENCE = Question, Validate, Modelize

A business process is a sequence of activities whose purpose is to produce a defined outcome (product,service) directed by an organized grouping of resources (people, facilities, information...).
A business process
involves actors, resources, rules, information...,
transforms inputs into outputs by adding value,
is intended to meet the demand of a customer.
(A business process is not a product or service itself or a simple series of tasks or actions.)

La finalité du Système d’Information dans les organisations : Faciliter la prise de décision en apportant les informations nécessaires aux décideurs; Faciliter (voire automatiser) les opérations courantes

/*
COMPUTER  SCIENCE: The study of automating algorithmic processes that scale.
ARTIFICIAL INTELLLIGENCE:  An ideal "intelligent" machine is a flexible rational agent that perceives its environment and takes actions that maximize its chance of success at an arbitrary goal.
MACHINE LEARNING :The study and construction of algorithms that can learn from and make predictions on data.
DEEP LEARNING:  is a branch of machine learning based on a set of algorithms that attempt to model high-level abstractions
*/

Learning ? “Learning is the acquisition of knowledge or skills through experience, study, or by being taught.” OR "Learning is any process by which a system improves performance from experience."

Machine Learning? =  Machine Learning uses computers to perform predictive models that learn from existing data to predict trends, performance and future behaviors without being explicitly programmed.
The goal is to predict  the responses for further observations with the lowest average possible prediction error. 
le but du machine learning : généraliser simplement avec quelques phénomènes.
Machine Learning Systems:

			- improve their Performance
			- at some Task
			- with Experience


probability something ...
overfitting, underfitting, 
variance
algorithm
les 3 ...  quoi ?